[DOCS] Clarifies data frame transform frequency is also for retries (#44229)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/data-frames/apis/transformresource.asciidoc

  
`frequency`::
  (time units) The interval between checks for changes in the source indices
  when the {dataframe-transform} is running continuously. Also determines the

>   retry interval in the event of transient failures during {dataframe-transform}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  retry interval in the event of transient failures while the {dataframe-transform} is
```

>   search or indexing. The minimum value is `1s` and the maximum is `1h`. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  searching or indexing. The minimum value is `1s` and the maximum is `1h`. The
```
